1)  Make audio languages actually work.  I've already put a lot of time into this to no avail.  For now, it plays the first audio stream returned by the DVD engine (usually English).  The "language selecton" buttons on DVDs don't seem to do anything either.  There seems to be a complete disconnect between the "logical" and "physical" streams returned by the DVD engine, which we can query the language of, and the actual "streams" used by libav/ffmpeg functions that actually do the work.  User can specify [dvd].language=eng (or en) and we set that language string as the dvd's "default" the same way VLC does and that libdvdnav notes for those functions (dvdnav_*_language_select()) say to do, but it still seems to have no effect.  If we ever get this to work, then [dvd].language will be used to set the default language (for audio, subtitles, and menus).  Maybe there's some data in the NAV packets we need to "decode" and use for this?  I've found no grokable examples or information on how to do this.  The VLC and MPlayer code are vast complicated "Swiss-army knives" for handling every conceivable format and scattered throughtout the source tree that I've spent several hours pouring over looking for needles in those haystacks!

2)  Handle all the "quirky" menus, ie. "language" ones and those that have 0 or 1 (invisible) "buttons" that sometimes pop up briefly between the main menu and the movie / scene that launches after the (often required) delay.  Most are handled well now, but there seem to be a few stubborn outliers with timing issues.  Most DVDs are commercial, priprietary, locked down, and designed by "marketing people" to force you to view all the disclaimers, notices and other silly stuff they want you to see before you can see the content.  I'm trying to make all this work as the DVD authors intended, but many seem to like to do things their own peculiar ways and it's been a long game of playing "whack-a-mole" getting this crap to work for as many as possible.  My priority has been to get the main menus and the "Play Movie" buttons to all work, but many (but not all) of the "Scene" and "Special Feature" options are working too - YMMV!  "Language selecton" buttons will very UNlikely work at all (If you are a non English-speaking techie (that speaks C and libdvdnav), I could sure use your help / patches for this)!

3)  Button navigation by keyboard bindings.  This will simply require some time and research.

4)  Button highlighting and palettes.  Another area I can find little to no docs or examples on how to implement.  For now, we "highlight" the area of each button with a grey rectangle (if [dvd].highlightbuttons config option is set).

5)  Add subtitles.  I took a brief stab at this, but due to the way we do video / audio queueing (from ffaudio), this is going to be a serious and time-consuming challenge.

6)  Better timing and seek interface.  I've looked into this and found that I am very limited by Audacious's static setting of the song length prior to playback outside the reach of the plugins (Updating Tuple::Length in the plugin does not affect the slider and the dynamic elapsed time display).

7)  Figure out how to add to the configure script (and SDL2 to the fauxdacious configure script).
